diamond-kata/Java/junit-tdd/README.md, before:

# Test-driven development with the Diamond Kata
**Property-based TDD with jUnit** version of the Diamond Kata.

## Setting up the environment for first run
Setup the docker machine:
```bash
docker-machine create dk.java.junit-tdd && eval $(docker-machine env dk.java.junit-tdd)
```

Make all the things:
```bash
make all
```
**Note**: The previous command will start the docker containers, package and run the application.

**Note**: If an `ERROR: Couldn't connect to Docker daemon.` message is
displayed at any time, make sure the docker-machine is evaluated in the current terminal:
```bash
eval $(docker-machine env dk.java.junit-tdd)
```

## Building and upping the docker containers
Build and up the docker containers, but skip everything else:
```bash
make build-up
```

## Running the tests
Run the tests, but skip everything else:
```bash
make test
```

## Packaging the application
Package the application, but skip everything else:
```bash
make package
```

## Running the application
Run the application, but skip everything else:
```bash
make run
```
**Note**: Don't forget to package the application if any changes were made!

Commit message:

Update readme: add property-based testing definition.

diamond-kata/Java/junit-tdd/README.md, after:

# Test-driven development with the Diamond Kata
**Property-based TDD with jUnit** version of the Diamond Kata.

**Note**: Property-based testing is a testing procedure where we take a
more functional approach to our tests. For example, if we were to
property-based test addition of numbers, we'd take a look at testing its
properties (commutativity, associativity, identity).
This is in contrast with state-based testing, which would involve testing
addition over a (potentially infinite) subset of numbers.

## Setting up the environment for first run
Setup the docker machine:
```bash
docker-machine create dk.java.junit-tdd && eval $(docker-machine env dk.java.junit-tdd)
```

Make all the things:
```bash
make all
```
**Note**: The previous command will start the docker containers, package and run the application.

**Note**: If an `ERROR: Couldn't connect to Docker daemon.` message is
displayed at any time, make sure the docker-machine is evaluated in the current terminal:
```bash
eval $(docker-machine env dk.java.junit-tdd)
```

## Building and upping the docker containers
Build and up the docker containers, but skip everything else:
```bash
make build-up
```

## Running the tests
Run the tests, but skip everything else:
```bash
make test
```

## Packaging the application
Package the application, but skip everything else:
```bash
make package
```

## Running the application
Run the application, but skip everything else:
```bash
make run
```
**Note**: Don't forget to package the application if any changes were made!
